#185 [Feat] sendAudio method + [Feat] editMedia->audio() method (#380)
defstudio/telegraph: docs/content/en/features/attachments.md

<alert type="alert">Sent Videos can be edited with the [editMedia](features/telegram-api-calls#editMedia) call</alert>

### Audio

> Audios (required .MP3 or .M4A format) can be sent through Telegraph `->audio()` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Audio (.MP3 or .M4A format) can be sent through Telegraph `->audio()` method:
```

```php
Telegraph::audio(Storage::path('audio.mp3'))->send();
Telegraph::audio('https://my-repository/audio.mp3')->send();
Telegraph::audio($telegramFileId)->send();
```

> <alert type="alert">Sent Audios can be edited with the [editMedia](features/telegram-api-calls#editMedia) call</alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<alert type="alert">Sent Audio messages can be edited with the [editMedia](features/telegram-api-calls#editMedia) call</alert>
```
